"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs"
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon"
"Do or do not. There is no try. - Yoda"
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy. - Dalai Lama"
"Get busy living or get busy dying. - Stephen King"
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas A. Edison"
"Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. - Seneca"
"In order to write about life first you must live it. - Ernest Hemingway"
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius"
"May you live every day of your life. - Jonathan Swift"
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. - Oprah Winfrey"
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. - J.K. Rowling"
"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam"
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt   
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua Marine"
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller"
"Love the life you live. Live the life you love. - Bob Marley"
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like. - Lao Tzu"
"Where there is love there is life. - Mahatma Gandhi"
"Today's moments are tomorrow's memories. - Unknown"
"Every moment is a fresh beginning. - T.S. Eliot"
"Happiness is a state of mind. It's just according to the way you look at things. - Walt Disney"
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis"
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi"
"In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost"
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt"
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle"
"Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing. - Seneca"
"The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter Drucker"
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. - Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss"
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela"
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. - Mae West"
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon"
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky"
"The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra"
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - J.K. Rowling"
"If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney"
"Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt"
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair"
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu"
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston"
"Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama"
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein"
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. - Babe Ruth"
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman"
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill"
"The future starts today, not tomorrow. - Pope John Paul II"
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson"
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain"
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison"
